Update: Sigma Dao README (#51)
scale-it/sigmadao-ui: README.md

<img src="./src/assets/logo.png" height="200" title="Sigma Dao" />

# Sigma Dao

> 

Reviewer: Should we add "beta software" warning, @robert-zaremba ?

Reviewer 2: Yes

Author: I have added a beta version note at the end.

<img src="./src/assets/logo.png" height="200" title="Sigma Dao" />

# Sigma Dao

> 
> Sigma Dao is a web application that let's an user create a dao, add proposal, deposit tokens and vote.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

Sigma Dao is a web application that let's a user create a DAO, enable them to Add Proposal, Deposit and Withdraw Tokens and also allow them to Vote.
```

yarn dev
```

> Start the backend development server on http://localhost:4000/graphiql

Reviewer: How about setup indexer for Sigma Dao?

Author: We are not setting up indexer from Sigma Dao. We have removed the indexer client from sigma dao.

Reviewer: No, I mean for deploy DAO approval app and setup db for graph ql.

Author: Yes, correct. We should add it. I have added it now. I would prefer link the `examples/dao` README. This would result in less maintenance of this README in case if examples/dao readme updates with steps, which is very much likely to happen.

yarn dev
```

Start the backend development server on http://localhost:4000/graphiql

> 

Reviewer 3: may be we can add a little bit more information about the server, like it connects with the psql database which you set up using examples/dao/readme

Author: Done
